bi:init blocklist
ba:allocate block
bf:free block
wr:write word to memory
rd:read word from memory to word register
go:set cursor location
cl:clear the word register
rv:reverse nibbles in word register
pr:print word to standard output
si:intialize bitset
sa:add item from rw to bitset at cursor
sr:remove item from rw to bitset at cursor
se:check to see if item in rw exists at cursor. writes to rw
rb:read word from block. rw contains the offset (last bits only) from the current cursor location. 0-63.
mi:initialize memory allocator.
ma:allocate memory of size 2^k. k is in range 0-6. returns word address for start of segment. 0 if memory could not be allocated.
mf:frees memory starting a word address. if word does not belong to block, nothing happens.
gb:go to block. given a block address, sets the cursor to the corresponding word address
pw:print word
ai:initialize array
al:get array length
sp:print space
aa:append word to array
ap:pop word from array
pe:print error flag
ce:clear error flag
bw:convert block.offset #BBB00 notation into a word address
rc:read cursor into word register
bo:extract block offset from a word address
ad:add two numbers from the stack, write to word register
xr:read bits. offset + cursor, size xxx.y
xw:write bits. offset + cursor, size, data. xxx.y.zzzz
bm:convert an index from a blocklist to memory address. blocklist should be at cursor
mb:convert a memory address to a blocklist index. blocklist should be at cursor.
jf:jump forward. read the last 2 nibbles off the word, and add it to the cursor.
jb:jump backward. read last 2 nibbles, subtract it from cursor.
sc:swap cursor.
pa:pack address. the LSB of rw and cursor get turned into (MSB,LSB)=(W,C)
bb:allocate and mark. RW should be SSSS.BBBB where S is bitset and B is blockstack.
sm:TODO. make slot from block. args: block addr, blocklist addr
sx:TODO. extend slots. pushes slot id onto stack
ss:TODO. select slot.
ex:execute command. DDDD.CCCC where D is data, C is command code.
bx:execute a block of commands, stored as an array of words.
ri:refcount init.
ra:refcount add. adds memory address to refcounter instance.
rm:prefcount remove. removes an entry associated with a memory address.
ru:prefcount update. updates counter in positive/negative direction.
rf:prefcount find. finds an entry associated with a memory address, if it exists.
rh:prefcount hold/unhold. sets/unsets the hold/unhold flag, associated with a memory address
rg:prefcount get. gets an available address.
rx:prefcount aux functions. various things used in testing.
rs:prefcount sweep. marks any used unhold slots with 0-count as unused.
po:param stack pop.
pu:param stack push.
pi:param stack init.
ph:param stack hold/unhold.
pd:param stack dup.
pR:param stack rotate.
ps:param stack swap.
ac:array create.
ar:array read.
aw:array write.
ci:context init.
cu:TODO. select cursor. 0 or 1 LSB in rw.
sw:stack swap.
dr:stack drop.
av:array value. extracts value returned by ar.
